Jordan Tam z5254001
# WEEK 01

We looked at the project templatethat the course gave us. We talked about it and decided to do the 'Task Management' project. We also picked the programming language that we are going to use for the project. During the lab session, we set up the software we're going to use to talk to each other and keep each other updated. After the Lab session, I suggest some innovation implementation ideas for our project.

# WEEK 02

Completed my user stories. And, designed the outlook of those functionality in the web in Figma

# WEEK 03

Completed the interface diagram by the figma, and finalized the proposal. 

# WEEK 04

Decided the properties of each element (e.g. task, taskmaster) and each functionalities (API parameter, and return value) for the project ,  setup the whole React environment and finished the Register Page.

# WEEK 05

Implement Redux feature throughout all project, in order to keep the state more manageable.
Implemented Dashboard, task lists component (the hardest part) which need me to review every column. Replace some icon in the sidebar, set the logout button in the bottom of the sidebar. Implemented create task page, where the task just is created can display in the dashboard immediately. 

# WEEK 07

Edit Profile list, Add state change feature in the tasks list, 

# WEEK 08

Review all bugs and discuss future planning.
# WEEK 09
Live Chat, implemented in tailwind and Redux on messages. Use websocket to deliver instants message, Edit Profile, Fixed Typo, debug connections requests which occur error when click on a new added user.

# WEEK10

Bug Fixed when reload the page, 
User can change image for their profile, and show the profile on everywhere
implemented multiple assignees icon and Overdue column  on the task list. 
bug fixed on estimate value on the connections list,