z5317972 Nont Fakungkun
# Week 01
Discussed on the project choice and end up picking 'Task Management Project'. Start planning the coding languages and novel functionalities for the project.
Looked into proposal spec and created the proposal doc with template and concluded spec in it. Prepared a work flow to discuss in Week 2.

# Week 02
Concluded novel functionalities and the coding languages to be used in the project. Delegated functionalities to each member to create user stories and interface on Figma.
Got assigned on 'searching system' and 'workload estimation' -> Completely formed user stories and done interface on Figma for those functionalities.
Completed all background part of the proposal.

# Week 03
Updated the user stories and specs into Jira, assigned all user stories into each sprint according to the plan.
Completed the Product backlog on part 2 by composing all user stories, then add priority points and story points.
Completed the Sprint Backlog, and flow diagram.
Submitted the proposal PDF doc on 16 June 6pm-ish.

# Week 04
Implement the assigned tasks e.g., profile pages, further edit the login/register pages, edit the sidebar component and logout button, add cookies for collecting JWT token, add app logo into the sidebar

# Week 05
Finished Demo A and Conducted a retrospective meeting right after the demo.
Record details and turn that into a report. Submitted the report as the team's scrum master.
Delegated tasks for sprint 2, I personally will be in charge of search system and connected task master profiles.

# Week 06
Initial sprint 2 meeting and set deadlines and sub-deadlines
Start implementing connected task master profiles.

# Week 07
Successfully implemented search system with multiple criteria.
Implemented FE aspect for workload estimation.
Adjusted profile page to handle other task masters.

# Week 08
Complete and submitted Retrospective B report.
Delegate tasks for sprint 3 both in user stories and extra stuff.

# Week 09
Complete Schedule Page (FE part), fixing other bugs and error handling

# Week 10
Fix more bugs that cause crashes, complete report and finalise code to submit for quality assessment.