z5286348 Zihang
# Week 01
This week, we discussed various tasks and projects and decided to work on the "Task Management System Project." We also brainstormed and identified a potential novel functionality. What I recommended is an automatic email notification system, to remind task masters of upcoming deadlines.
# Week 02
We determined what languages for the project and assigned functionalities to each other to create user stories. Each of us added interfaces on Figma. What I have done is send connection requests part and user stories.
# Week 03
Complete figma digrams for authentication and connection stuff and the related storyboards. And added product objectives.

# Week 04
Implement Create task and assgin task functionalities and get_tasks. 

# Week 05
Assign sprint2 tasks to each other and finish Retrospective A with group. I started working on the connection stuff and create the tables needed.

# Week 06
Implement Connection related functions including send request, get request and email notification.

# Week 07
Fixed bug in connection.py that fails sending connection requests. Task master Connection and task edit part are done. (Only tested in backend)

# Week 08
Finish Retrospective B report, split tasks for sprint 3 within team

# Week 09
Added chat function for task and enables profile edit including image selection. Create starting document for final report. (Part of the overview written)

# Week 10
Complete final report and clean code. Fixed bugs that crash the system.